“Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.” | Buddha

“When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive – to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.” | Marcus Aurelius

“Lean forward into your life. Begin each day as if it were on purpose.” | Mary Anne Radmacher

“When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps.” | John Lennon

“Once you choose hope, anything is possible.” | Christopher Reeve

“The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.” | Amelia Earhart

“Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow’s reality.” | Malala Yousafzai

“Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life – think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.” | Swami Vivekananda

“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” | Eleanor Roosevelt

“Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what.” | Spryte Loriano

“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.” | Maria Robinson

“Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.” | Harriet Tubman

“A truly strong person does not need the approval of others any more than a lion needs the approval of sheep.” | Vernon Howard

“Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.” | Michael Jordan

“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.” | Arnold Schwarzenegger

“My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.” | Maya Angelou

“Promise me you’ll always remember: You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.” | A.A. Milne

“Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and, above all, confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained.” | Marie Curie

“For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: ‘If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?’ And whenever the answer has been ‘No’ for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.” | Steve Jobs

“Give people high-fives for just getting out of bed. Being a person is hard sometimes.” | Kid President

“Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass. It’s about learning how to dance in the rain.” | Vivian Greene

“There is no greater gift you can give or receive than to honor your calling. It’s why you were born. And how you become most truly alive.” | Oprah Winfrey

“Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, I will try again tomorrow.” | Mary Anne Radmacher

“It’s OK if you fall down and lose your spark. Just make sure that when you get back up, you rise as the whole damn fire.” | Collette Werden

“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.” | Mark Twain

“At any given moment you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.” | Christine Mason Miller

“I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.” | Audrey Hepburn